so I have a small problem when it comes
to madoka magica figma I've been really
really wanting to review them for a long
time but I wanted to start with the
original Madoka first and go from there
the problem is that my Madoka figma
seems to have developed a personality
she's taken to calling yourself Dave and
has hidden all of her accessories so I
can't review her properly you what mate
you what what you saying about me you
better not be talking about me mate
or I'll shove this stick so far up you
ask people call you kebab for the rest
of your life swear on me mum it's okay
um Dave hey why don't you help yourself
to a biscuit there in the kitchen oh
yeah mate not spying in yet and so in
the meantime I'll have to start with a
slightly different madoka and by
slightly different I mean God like now I
know what you're thinking he's reviewed
this before he's just zoom day of beer
war knob look closely this isn't the
eighth scale ultimate Madoka from many
moons ago this is in fact figma number
165 ultimate Madoka from puella magi
madoka magica the most obvious thing
about this particular figma died a 2.8
first is that she's huge I don't mean
that she's been piling on the pains
either her hair wings and dress or
combine to make this little poseable
puella magi as godlike as she should be
Harrison to the others her hair is so
long that it comes with two extra parts
the f of pop in when you get a right out
of the box and even has its own point of
articulation at the back cleverly marks
by another piece of hair that lies over
it like a rug covering the body this
articulation means you can have her hair
pretty much going every which direction
which is pretty awesome the wing
certainly look fabulous enough but they
like the articulation that everything
else on the figure seems to have heck
you can even fiddle with their teeny
little pigtails and bows but wings no
you can't handle the wings Ultima dhoka
only has two faces if max factory tired
to make any of our others are puny
mortal lines wouldn't be able to handle
the XO existential nuances of facial
expressions and we simply cease to exist
the ones that they did manage to produce
so at this gentle motherly smiling face
and the one i like to call i am the Doak
or bringer of destruction your puny
being shall be crushed under the
immensity of my mo a spilling forth when
these billowing sleeves are arms which
you can shock horror attach hands to the
most noteworthy of these being the ones
that allow it hold her bow and arrows of
universe ownage these arrows of which
being regular or little pizazz down the
bottom personally I recommend the
pizzazz is getting her to hold the
pizzazz lyst arrows is like trying to
kick a fly you don't get anywhere and
you'll feel like an ass she's got on
circulation in the middle but you
probably don't want to mess with that
because yeah besides being made of space
which we all know already is awesome the
dress has got its own articulation too
but don't be fooled this articulation
doesn't allow you to do much with it if
you do you run the risk of shattering
but you reverse little winged feet to
glued on while this may make you breathe
a sigh of relief name thinking you don't
have to plug them in yourself they look
like they could snap off any second
which is a terrifying prospect she has a
plain ordinary figma stand but as you
can imagine with all this stuff going on
she's pretty weighty you best be
prepared to crack the screwdriver right
if you want to poser off the floor which
with her being a god-like entity and all
you're probably going to want to do and
there you have it the first thermo
madoka magica figma reviews with more to
come in the near future as far as
figures go this intergalactic glass is
pretty darn impressive but for a figma
which are generally praised for their
excellent pose ability ultimate Madoka
isn't the best you can pretty much have
her shooting her bow or not shooting her
bow that's about it and transitioning
between the two is not only fiddly but
hazardous to your health regardless she
is a shining example of the insane level
of quality that max factory are capable
of
oh you haven't even gone yet odd knobs
I'll kill you I'll bloody kill yo